Create ui-c8y-1023-74-0-when-using-full-export-with-inventory-rights-a-silent-error-is.md (#4595)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1023-74-0-when-using-full-export-with-inventory-rights-a-silent-error-is.md

---
date: ""

> title: Full export for users with only inventory rights no longer causes silent errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Full export disabled for users with inventory rights only
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66010
version: 1023.74.0
---

> With the current change, the `Full export` option will be disabled for users with only inventory rights. This will prevent data from being exported, even if the UI does not display an error message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Full export` option is now disabled for users who only have inventory rights. Previously, data could be exported without even an error message being displayed in the UI. This issue is now fixed.
```

---
date: ""

> title: When using Full Export with inventory-rights, a silent error is thown (#11254) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#11838)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Full export for users with only inventory rights no longer causes silent errors
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-66010
version: 1023.74.0
---
# Backport

This will backport the following commits from `develop` to `release/cd`:
- [feat(Web SDK): [MTM-66010] When using Full Export with
inventory-rights, a silent error is thown
(#11254)](https://github.com/Cumulocity-IoT/cumulocity-ui/pull/11254)

<!--- Backport version: 9.5.1 -->

### Questions ?
Please refer to the [Backport tool
documentation](https://github.com/sorenlouv/backport)

[MTM-66010]:
https://cumulocity.atlassian.net/browse/MTM-66010?atlOrigin=eyJpIjoiNWRkNTljNzYxNjVmNDY3MDlhMDU5Y2ZhYzA5YTRkZjUiLCJwIjoiZ2l0aHViLWNvbS1KU1cifQ

Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <114157358+luja-c8y@users.noreply.github.com>

> Co-authored-by: Lukasz Janusz <lukasz.janusz@cumuloicty.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
With the current change, the `Full export` option will be disabled for users with only inventory rights. This will prevent data from being exported, even if the UI does not display an error message.
```
